This is a head-gum original.
That was easy.
What if you just never played the music and this is how it started?
I was sort of like in this headspace today where nothing matters.
Which is dangerous for this show because any...
It's already a thesis of nihilism, right?
Have you seen the form?
What's that?
Yes.
I couldn't hear a theme song.
I don't know if you guys can hear it if Jeff gets you.
No, we couldn't hear it at all.
I couldn't hear it at all.
I guess that's fine because ultimately it doesn't matter.
You said, but...
I guess you're not at least a bit.
Oh, I played the theme song and that was easy.
That was easy.
I heard that.
It's weird because I said nothing matters but it bothers me that it started that way.
So you're both thinking that nothing matters but then also getting upset because everything does.
Yeah.
Um...
Please welcome to the show.
This is her head-gum podcast debut.
Ali, it's a con or...
Yeah.
It's con.
Okay.
It's an offer too.
I've never read it.
It's only ever read it on Slack.
It's hard.
Ali con!
We should say it's about...
It's about...
It's about CON, so you're way off.
That's why you...
Um...
Ali, how long have you been working in head-gum?
It's been a month now, right?
Yeah, just over a month.
Damn.
You're kidding.
Who...
Like, do you have any office...
Like, rivalries?
Any kind of...
Alliance is that it formed?
Who do you...
Like, who do you not like?
Who do you think we should put on the chopping block?
Uh...
Great question.
I take entering every new job as though I am a newcomer on the tribe and survivor.
And so these first few weeks, I'm just getting a lay of the land.
I am an observer.
I'm feeling everyone's vibes, and I'm cool with everybody.
But whose vibes are the most sour, even if they're all good?
Because my vote...
I think would be...
It's you, man.
You're vibes are the worst.
Maybe you were trying to instigate drama.
No, no.
There's already drama.
That's my point.
I'm not starting anything.
There's just already these, like, neuro networks of, like, tension.
Well, okay, yeah.
I have yet to...
I have yet to experience anything that I would deem as sus.
I think that's so, so far so good.
I would say on the opposite end of the spectrum,
I knew that Marika was cool when she wore a dev petal shirt the other day.
I mean, I knew you were cool before that, but that was, like, I was, like, confirmed.
Marika, would you ever wear a watch?
You would be friends if we met in our world.
I've run a dev petal, some, like, around the grove, like, three times.
Have you really?
So 12.
And handsome.
Yeah, really.
Yeah.
Like gorgeous, gorgeous person.
Did you see him when he was wearing a big time-rush shirt?
No.
I would have called you.
Also, I feel like we should say that Sam last week came into the office for,
into the LA office, not last week, two weeks ago.
Time is meaningless.
And had some great lunch suggestions.
So she's doing great.
She's not assess it all.
Yeah, we got sandwiches for two different places.
And they were both kind of hits.
Really?
Also, it was the first time I met her in the two years that I've been working with her.
So huge, huge day.
Sam innocent.
Yeah, I guess.
I guess Sam's pretty cool.
And Jeff was a New York at the time.
But I don't know the vibes.
Yeah.
Post.
Mm-hmm.
Yeah.
There was a light nest in the air.
Right.
Yeah.
Everything was a little easier.
We didn't totally figure out why.
It was something.
Jeff casts a poll.
And it makes us a poll.
In fact, your name should be poll going forward.
Every time I'm in the office, everyone else is a poll bearer.
Yeah.
Because they have to bear the weight of me.
What a dead weight of you.
What was New York?
Holy shit.
Let's hear it.
That question cut through me.
New York was great.
I was staying near Fire Island with my family, which I think is very funny.
That is really funny.
And so, but we went to the beach.
And it was fun.
We went to beach a couple times.
Long walks, 10,000 steps.
Celebrating my mother's birthday.
And I mean, what an incredible woman.
Right.
She raised me well.
Good.
And I am the man I am today because of her.
I've never met either of your parents, I think.
I mean, you love your parents.
Yeah, she.
I think your mom and maybe also your dad went to one of our headgum shows in L.A.
Once right.
Yeah.
I was.
It was a very sweet moment.
I realized I was, I think closer to her age than yours, Jeffrey.
I think it's exactly equal.
Because she's 55.
And I'm 24.
Yeah.
I was 15 years in between you and your mom.
You and your mother.
It's kind of cool.
Is that it?
Let's keep it going with everyone's.
Oh, shit.
Do they listen to this show?
No, they don't.
They listen to the humble episode.
They used to listen to review review, but I mean, every week and hour that's going to ask of either.
Do they watch the sketches?
They love the sketches.
Interesting.
They were very, my mom called me when we brought them back and was like happy crying.
Wow.
That's actually.
No, she was just really excited.
She liked the Jeffrey the dumbest thing or does that kind of break her heart?
When we first started them in 2016, she was like, does it have to be called Jeffrey the dumbest?
It doesn't have to be, but I think it's fun.
Yeah.
That was the weird feeling.
I'm trying to imagine what it's like to have a child raised them and then like their first job is like,
I'm this person that you raised the dumbass and I'm eating it.
And do you feel like kind of like, oh, that's not, they're not being nice to him or something like protective.
Yeah.
Also, it was fine.
It was Jeffrey the dumbass, the series that you had to like go to the Ohio film something for.
Getting way too personal, Ali knows none of this.
Yeah, it was.
Did they go to that?
No.
You went to a film festival.
Like a couple episodes of Jeffrey the dumbass got screened at the Cleveland International Film Festival
and this like digital creators thing.
But that was like, well, the share.
What's on our Instagram?
You're like, that's too personal.
That's what I'm talking about.
Not really.
I mean, I didn't submit it.
Let me see if it's a podium.
Yeah, I felt so awkward at that podium.
You can see it in my eyes.
Oh, my God.
Great.
That's not necessarily dad.
That was six years ago.
I just found this on my phone.
Oh, let's talk about you guys.
Ali, where did you grow up?
You grew up around New York, right?
No.
I didn't know.
I was like, I grew up.
I grew up like right outside of Chicago.
North Shore verbs.
Okay.
Where?
Glemvio.
So not like, I think the North Shore.
Ali, this would say that doesn't count as North Shore.
But it's around there.
All right.
My grandmother was from Walmart.
So I used to go.
They were a lot.
Yeah.
Like the the reference that I give.
That is that like the fair spula school where they cut school.
That was my rival high schools.
Like exterior.
So I felt a lot of anger growing up that I wasn't.
I was a culture one.
I was having people.
I keep having to stop a mirror's video because he's just still holding his phone.
Um, cubs.
Oh, my socks.
White socks.
Really?
Yeah.
I thought that it was like if you're North, your cubs, if you're South, your white socks.
I just feel like I can't like in good faith support.
A wriggly bill.
Like the whole fan culture.
Like I can't hang out with you.
It's not for me.
But I'm not like the crowd.
I'm not going to add anything like to whatever you guys are doing.
Yeah.
There's like no fan culture by the white socks standing up.
It's just.
It's just baseball.
Yeah.
We're all serious.
Um.
What's everybody's bond of the week?
So this the every week until the next James bond is cast.
We're loving up our casting choice for the next James.
Um.
Amir.
What about the original James your mother?
Okay.
Because that's the last name.
She's not the original because her maiden name is not James.
I'm wondering what it is.
Well, I don't want to say her my mother's maiden name because I already have
docs myself enough on the show.
Well, you don't have to say her exact maiden name but just like give us a vibe.
Oh, it's like a.
Strasinski.
I see sort of like Polish adjacent.
Yeah.
Lithuanian.
So yeah.
Like if I'm not that her name is Linda, but if it is Linda, it could be like Linda James Bond.
Is it Linda?
It's pretty close.
Marika.
Um.
I don't know.
I was thinking about Ben Barnes earlier.
So I'm going to go with him.
Who's Ben Barnes?
Is that the chef in the the bear?
No.
That's that's Jeremy Allen White.
Yeah, not even close.
Yeah.
But Ben Barnes was in a Punisher Netflix series with the other chef, not Io Ebon Moss.
I don't know what pronounced this last name.
And John Bernthal.
We're both on the bear.
So did you guys like the bear?
I love that.
Nice nice glasses.
Didn't Ben Barnes also feature on Punisher.
Like I think he did like horns or something on that album.
It does.
He does have he does have an album like he does sing.
Oh, no.
Really funny.
Um, he was also a Prince Casphian in the lion, the witch in the wardrobe.
Um, movies.
Yeah.
Um, he's in shadow and bone on Netflix.
He's around.
Yeah.
No, he's he stays booking.
He's stay for sure.
Stay isn't that good.
Because he's happy and wealthy.
Yeah.
Always.
Ale, who's your bond to the week?
Your first ever bond to the week?
My first ever bond to the week.
I think it's going to be Joey Comer.
Holy shit.
I'm going to do it.
I'm going to talk.
I.
I want more villain.
And I want it now.
And I want it for three hour of time.
Black.
That's actually really good.
Like she can do it.
Oh, for sure.
I feel like they actually have a conversation in the room about this.
If it's brought up.
I hope, I'm maybe this will get something going because I'm so far a campaign of one.
Yeah.
That's how it starts.
I was tired.
One voice can change the world.
Yeah.
My.
My pick is a headgun post podcast or a little real.
I think it's time for a funny bond.
Like where he's just like can't believe it's all happening.
Instead of every other bond where they're like,
we got to figure this out.
He's like, what the hell was that?
That's good.
Out of this.
How was it?
How often would he be in like on the phone?
I feel like that's a comment.
I was a common thing for real.
He's always on the phone.
Yeah.
And I think there's another movie.
I think is he in good boys.
There's one more movie where he's like talking to people on the phone a lot.
I think I think he's on the phone with M almost and every scene.
Yeah.
Constant updates.
But he's never maybe maybe we find a way where he's like never actually there.
Maybe he just has to be at in order to keep up the bit.
That could be good.
Yeah.
Little Rell is M and then who would be a good foil as James?
No way.
There's no way.
You're not even 40 and you're falling apart at the seams.
I've noticed you like tennis now.
I'm playing tennis.
I don't know if that could be written into the story.
But imagine like James won plays tennis.
You're a serve Mr. Bond.
So it's like something happening in the pool.
That's really good actually.
Oh my god.
Because the queen or whoever the fuck is there watching the match, right?
Yeah.
And it could even be like a British tennis.
Like what's an example?
Jeffrey have a British tennis player that could be in the Wimbledon final.
No.
I don't follow tennis.
Yeah.
British.
Is Roger Fetter British?
No.
He's Swiss.
Andy Murray.
Yeah.
Oh.
Good.
Yeah. Like this. This is good.
I'm here. Are you going to get a physical soon though?
Because I feel like every time I watch you go downstairs.
You go like one step and pause.
One step and pause.
Like that's American nonsense.
It's funny.
Because I am getting a physical for the first time in years.
Since I think since the pandemic tomorrow.
So I guess I'll have an update.
Oh, did we talk about that on one episode where I like.
Oh, yeah.
I did blood test.
Yeah.
I'm here.
Wait. What is it called?
Gil Bear syndrome.
Yeah.
Well, that's a possibility.
But I think.
I'll discuss with the doctor tomorrow.
And I'll hit you guys up with the update.
In fact, we can live stream the bitch.
So you can.
Yeah.
You can.
The horses.
People are going to hear a bunch of sensitive medical information that you cannot disclose.
You should.
I'm sort of an open book.
Yeah.
All right.
Oh, yeah.
Anything.
Oh, you know what?
What Roger LZU.
Nice.
I get.
Adiopathic allergic reactions.
Which is.
I'm not allergic to anything technically.
I've been to an allergist many times.
And they haven't deduced.
But about maybe once a year, every two years.
My body will have a really severe allergic reaction.
Like just spontaneously because of nothing.
And then I have to go and get an emergency IV of anti histamines until I calm down.
Wow.
When was the last time that happened?
Yeah.
The last time that happened.
I studied abroad in college.
And it happened.
I was in Croatia.
And I had to go to a Croatian hospital.
And no one spoke English.
But they were very, very nice and helpful.
And I was able to like mind my way through the crowd.
Also my face looked like very everything looked very puppy and
deformed at that point.
So they kind of got the picture.
They got what they think I can guess what's going on.
But they couldn't act like because they didn't know what you usually look like.
So it had been insensitive of them to be like, oh my god.
You look so puffy and deformed.
Oh yeah.
I came in here because I stopped my elbow.
I woke up that morning and felt it.
I was like, I think something like you just feel different.
You looked different.
And how my lips were very, very puppy.
And I looked at this girl that I was on a trip with.
And I was like, do you?
Do I look different to you?
I feel different.
She goes nuts.
So he always looked like, wow.
I'm terrified.
She's like, he's so busy.
It's obvious she poisoned you.
Yeah.
And you know how much I could walk us to do all that?
$1100.
$30.
Oh, that's it.
Yeah.
Wow.
That's crazy.
We should help care.
Um, let's talk about dating in LA.
Alley.
So far, this is the exact same episode as always.
The final week.
The last thing that dating in LA.
I'm getting them all out.
I'm getting them all out at first.
And then we go into the more specifics.
You want to go with something more specific?
Oh, let's see.
About dating in LA for the 19th time.
Me?
No, he's just upset.
I don't let anyone else talk to me that way.
For some reason, you get some free pass.
I guess it's because you sell me.
It must be the money.
Um, Ali,
we knew each other before you started working at head go.
Yes, we do.
We go back a couple years.
Yeah, when I signed with my managers,
you had just become their assistant.
I think.
Yeah.
Um, so I thought we could get into some specifics.
What do they like about me?
Are you still with them?
Yeah.
Yes.
Why?
I asked them.
Like there's nothing in the marriage.
There's no dare there.
Correct me if I'm wrong.
But aren't you dead weight in the industry?
I wonder.
No, Jeffrey's not dead weight.
I could fall on the other side and hearing all the secret conversations.
Jeffrey was always in a good standing with me.
Wow.
Does that make you feel good?
I did genuinely think they were going to soft drop me this year.
But I just sent them an outline for a new pilot.
But yet, like personality wise, what do they like about me?
Personality wise, you know what?
You are good.
You're going to pre-limm shit chat on the phone.
You know how to start off a convo.
And then you get right down to business.
And then.
Yeah, that's pretty much all I remember.
And then what do they hate about me?
No.
Personality.
That's the answer.
Yeah, you know, I know you're good.
Well, I can speak for myself.
I think that you're, I thought that you were a lovely gift giver.
You were so thoughtful.
The most thoughtful of any of the clients for me as the assistant.
So Jeffrey always looked out for the little guy, which I was the little guy.
Well, yeah.
No, I didn't need cash.
I didn't give them a briefcase.
No, you gave, no, you gave like really, really thoughtful thoughtful presence.
Where you were like, I felt like you took time and you thought about everyone's personalities.
And then came up with something that was specific for them that meant something.
And I thought that's really nice.
People don't do that much anymore.
Well, thanks.
And then the last question.
Is, uh, am I going to be a star?
Yes.
Yeah.
Um, all right.
We do have to take a break.
Uh, I'm soaring off that.
I mean, there's only a few taste makers that had come out.
You'd be joined the ranks.
Let me tell you who's not a taste maker.
Uh, Angie.
Sorry.
Oh, Mike, Mike doesn't get it.
You know what I mean?
Yeah, he does.
Really?
And she and Mike are great at their jobs.
All right.
Well, we'll be right back.
Now a word from our sponsor.
Better help.
Guys, how would you take care of your car if you had to keep the same one your entire life?
Right?
Well, that's why our brain works.
So why don't we treat them that way?
How we care for our minds affects how we go about life.
And it's important to invest the time and care into keeping them healthy.
There are plenty of ways to support a healthy brain, like learning a new language, taking power and apps.
And there's also a better help online therapy.
I'm in therapy every week.
Uh, I could do life without it, but it would make it a lot more difficult for no reason.
And I truly believe that everyone who has access to better earth to therapy, which better
help makes it easier and more affordable for should be in therapy.
Better help is online therapy that offers video, phone, and even live chat sessions with
your therapist.
So you don't have to see anyone on camera if you don't want to.
It's also much more affordable than in person therapy.
So they're expanding access.
So if you've been considering therapy, give better help a shot because you can be
matched with a therapist in under 48 hours.
And also listeners at the headgum podcast get 10% off their first month at betterhelp.com slash
What's that?
Again, that's better help.
Thanks, better help.
And this is the song.
That's really good, I'm here.
So long.
One, two, a segment that I like to call, can you help me move?
In 12 days, I get the keys for my new place because I'm being kicked out of my current house
because my landlord is selling the house because he's dying.
And he needs the money to pay for a spectacle bills.
I didn't want to move.
This place was incredibly affordable and it was a single family house.
But here we are moving into a duplex.
Here's how we're going to play.
I go one, I'm just going to point to you and be like, can you help me?
What's that?
It's really loud with the song.
Like that, but the word loud instead of wow.
Okay.
Yeah, this is much more manageable.
The game is simple, it's just I point to you and say your name and you tell me whether or not you can help me move.
Are you moving into one unit of a duplex or you guys taking over both?
One unit of a duplex.
So three of you and one unit of a duplex.
Yeah.
Top bottom left, right?
Bottom.
You guys are in the bottom of a duplex.
Yeah.
Are three people on top?
Yeah, there's three tops in one bottom unit.
Three people in the top unit.
Three people in the bottom unit.
No.
It's just you and the bottom.
It's me and my roommates in a bottom unit of a duplex.
And then the top is how many people.
It's a couple.
A couple people are a couple.
It's the same two people who are in a relationship.
They own the joint too.
Wow, that's really good for them.
Yeah.
When you buy it.
This is not what the game is.
The game is I point to you.
I'm curious about the situation.
They bought it.
Would you want me to look it up?
I'll look up the property records.
Where they fucking bought this.
Yeah, because they could be making a profit and living for free.
But they bought it last year.
Wow, recent.
Yeah.
Last year.
How much was it?
I don't want to say because then if so.
Gotta be close to two though, right?
It was for a duplex.
Woo.
Mosultoves.
They renovated or sort of came.
I think they renovated.
That's really nice.
Yeah.
All right.
Continue.
Uh.
All right.
Here we go.
This is Cannot.
Can you help me move?
Maria, can you help me move?
No, I don't live in LA.
That's true.
All right.
Can you help me move?
I'm moving on August 12th.
Hmm.
No, I have plans.
I'm here.
Can you help me move?
No.
You should hire movers.
Moveers are expensive though.
And we're already overextending yourselves on rent.
Are you getting your own room into three bedroom?
Yeah, I'm getting my own room.
We're not going to be three twenty five and twenty six year olds.
I'm bunked.
Why?
That's cool.
No, that's awesome.
Yeah.
I didn't consider it.
Actually, maybe we have an office.
Um.
That was that.
All right.
The next segment.
Welcome to Steel or Nah.
We got a cat in the frame.
This is chicken.
She wanted to sit with me.
She's a little chicken.
Does she hairless or is she?
Yeah.
She, she's half hairless.
So that's why I named her chicken because she kind of looked like an uncooked chicken breast.
Oh, yes.
As a baby.
Uh, that's amazing.
How long have you had her?
I, I fostered a cat and you did.
Yes.
I saw an Instagram.
I love cats.
Me too.
So why can you give them away?
Uh, she bit me a lot.
Oh.
They were like loving me.
You didn't want to give it away.
I did at the end.
No.
She's all.
Sorry.
I don't know.
I'm going to say chickens from college.
Uh, she was originally one of my other college roommates.
But, uh, she asked me to watch her count one day and then never came back.
Never saw her again.
Are you kidding?
No.
Not kidding.
So I like to say.
Oh, really?
Yeah.
I saw a cat with a cat.
That's like, coddock.
Yeah.
I need, I need to know more about those.
Remember that.
Um, it was.
Yeah.
It was my junior year of college.
And, you know, how you have a front, a fun front.
Yeah.
And it was like, we're, you're like, oh, they're going to help make college like a fun experience for me.
Like, I'm going to, they're going to push my, like, I'm going to push myself to be more fun than maybe I would be on my own.
I'm going to push myself socially.
Yeah.
And so, yeah.
So, but then it over the course of the year.
It's stopping fun and started getting a little too real.
Just like the real world.
Yeah.
Everyone stopped being polite.
And then I was like, I don't know.
This seems a little much.
And then, uh, so I was because I was pushing myself socially.
I spent a lot of time at home being myself.
And then that's when I really bonded with chicken the cat.
And she started hanging out with me all the time.
And then one day the roommate came and said,
I got to go home for the weekend.
I know it's been really crazy.
We got a lot of stuff to discuss.
Um, can you take care of the cat until I come back?
I said, sure.
And then she never came back.
Return to didn't return your calls, text.
Nothing.
No.
I found out if she, I found out because she posted an Instagram saying,
I decided that I don't want to go to school anymore.
I'm going to go pursue my Michigan and Detroit.
My Michigan.
My, or sorry, my Michigan and Detroit.
My music in Detroit, my music in Detroit.
God.
That was amazing.
She's seeking pure Michigan.
Yeah.
You're Michigan was like, I got to go work on my sound.
And I said, all right.
I guess I'm a single mom.
That's crazy.
Wow.
Good for you.
Bad for them.
Thank you.
This is steel or not.
Um, basically I'm going to show you guys photos of various
colors.
And you have to tell me whether it's steel or not.
You guys ready?
This is for actual cash.
$10 for every right answer.
$10 is owed to me for every wrong answer.
Here we go.
I'm going to go down for this one.
No.
Correct.
This is aluminum.
So, two of us are correct.
Marie was wrong.
Yeah.
So, Marie goes me $10.
You guys, I owe both of you.
$10.
Here we go.
Ooh.
That looks pretty hard.
I'm really tough.
I'm going to say steel.
I'm going to go not.
It is steel.
Alley's back to zero.
Marie goes back to zero.
Amir is up 20.
Here we go.
Wait.
Why don't you call this segment steel
or no steel?
Yeah.
That's.
That would have been better.
I'm going to go not.
Yeah.
This one looks like silver almost.
I'm going to go not as well.
I'm going to.
Correct.
This is not silver.
It's silver, but platinum.
Oh.
Well, we should.
A ring.
Hmm.
I'll say steel.
Why not?
Yeah, same.
Yeah.
Ring around the rosy.
Try ring around the white gold.
This wedding band is for someone really special.
18 carat.
I think.
Amir, you're at 10.
And Marika and Ali are both at zero again.
Hmm.
What do we think about this wheel?
This hub cap.
No.
Okay.
I too feel not.
I'll go against the grain and go steel.
It's steel, baby.
All the way.
Marie and Ali now owe me 10 dollars.
Amir, you're back to 20.
Oh, man.
It's steel, baby.
Yeah.
I have another cat.
Oh, my god.
That one is a chicken.
Wait.
That one is too.
This one is.
This one's fully hairless.
This is my sister's cat, Lupi.
No.
When you guys see a hairless cat.
Do you guys think that I wouldn't like the touch it's gummy body?
Or you're like, I would like that.
And I don't care that it's hairless.
Because when I see it, I'm like, oh, I don't know if I want to touch it's gummy.
Yeah.
That's kind of where I am at as well.
I understand.
I would say it's it's more like a velvet team.
That's good.
Okay.
So it's still used to look at the softness.
It's not like a rat.
No, not like a rat.
Well, rat tofu.
Grat tofu for.
Yeah.
I thought you were going to say, well, rats have redeeming qualities.
They're so smart and they love science.
Yeah.
Do you have two hairless cats?
I live with my sister and we have half hairless.
And she has fully hairless.
Wow.
Cats.
That's a vibe.
No, that works.
It's coming on strong.
Where do you guys live?
We live in Hollywood.
They live in Hollywood.
Sorry.
I wasn't specific enough.
Address.
I'll fly.
Not even offline.
Because then I'll share it online.
Here we go.
What do you know?
No steel.
It's an earring bag.
No.
Oh.
Yes.
No.
Wait.
Three.
No.
Correct.
This is white gold.
A white gold earring bag.
Yeah.
Right.
Like notice.
You're going to see it.
Yes.
This is steel.
Same.
This is still.
Pretty.
This is pretty steel.
Steel.
This is going to be tungsten titanium alloy.
Oh my god.
Okay.
I have titanium alloy.
Steel or no.
This one's kind of interesting.
Well, can you.
What is it?
I think it's just industrial.
Take it.
Looks like duct tape.
I'm going to go on.
It's steel duct.
Yeah.
It's a rim of tin.
I'm going to go.
Yes.
Steel.
It is not steel.
It's nickel silver alloy.
So a mirror is at 30.
I think you're in the red owing me $10.
No.
I think that's true.
You'll think one of the cats is payment.
Or at least a tin of.
River.
We're.
It's.
Sorry.
Thank you.
That's what gets me fired.
All right.
Here we go.
Steel or not.
Sand.
Go.
Amir.
Venmo.
Let's do this.
That's more difficult.
Our wire transfer.
If you want a wire transfer, I'm doing it later.
Yeah.
Let's do an ACH wire transfer.
I was oddly good at that game.
What's.
It's you quickly realize that we do know what steel looks like.
You know what I mean?
And like there is.
You tested our metal.
I tested Bosnese.
I'm so sorry to hear that.
That was steel or not.
I thought Marika was going to throw a fit for that one.
Why?
This is the first really.
Yeah.
Hissier otherwise.
That's like the first really dumb one I've done in a while.
I would say.
I don't know.
Thanks.
Yeah.
I'd rather be bad than fine.
But that being said.
Well, welcome to couch critiques.
Another one.
I feel like that was the end of the show.
Right?
A little tear amount.
Let's tear them out.
Yeah.
I should have a lot of it only time for this one.
This is couch critiques.
I was going.
Basically we're going to watch some late night interviews and grade them on their
performance.
But I was going to do three of them.
Yeah.
It was like a lot.
Four of them actually.
And I think we only have time for.
For one.
So I'm actually going to go with this, which is not a talk show.
It's morning.
Joe on MSVC.
But it's Russell Brand in 2013 promoting his.
Messiah complex.
Stand up to her.
Any more.
Any other questions?
He's become nervous.
I can't.
Why are you nervous?
I've got a powerful woman.
I've got lovely Joe.
It seems to be the trouble.
I don't know.
You've got hair like princess Diana.
Wow.
Okay.
I've never been a fan of her.
Who's a late subter?
Yes.
I'm petrified of her.
She's just moved down the house.
I absolutely love this.
You really want that one?
It seems to be the trouble.
No, I'm good.
I'm.
We're now going to be the therapist.
Would you do therapy with Willie Brand with whom?
Willie Brand.
Would you do therapy with him?
I don't.
Because that's where he's heading.
Okay.
I'm all right.
You shouldn't say he when a person is present.
You should refer to the person by the name.
That's basically good manners.
That is where Willie is heading.
Who is Willie?
Things are falling apart on motor.
Gordon Joe.
I think there's another guy.
The fact that he was like, I'm petrified of her.
Is a worse than anything.
Russell.
I don't know.
That's bad.
I just.
They're all fucking up.
Also, she's just like with Willie Brand with Willie Brand with Willie Brand.
And he's like, who is Willie?
That's the part I wanted to show you guys.
I guess.
So they're weird part of that to highlight.
You know, this was a, this was a wash.
I thought we were just going to be looking at couches.
That would have probably been better.
We'll do that next week.
You didn't think we'd be dissecting a Russell Brand interview from 2016.
13.
So unnecessary.
What made you think of that?
I, he watched the clip.
And I was like, this is funny.
How can I share it with three other people in a way that they have to watch it?
So what do you guys have going on?
What do you want to point the people to have come related or not?
Let's start with the alley.
I had come related.
We are.
We are in the process of producing a had come live stand-up show.
Probably in September.
So stay tuned for that.
And my personal plugs are just.
Everybody go watch speed before it gets off.
The Amazon Prime.
It's great.
I just discovered it.
Love that.
Speed is very good.
Maria.
Um.
Dido on the had come live in the backyard situation.
Looking forward to that.
And follow me on Twitter Instagram and letterbox.
Matt Murray Gailon.
Oh, bit.
Boom and fell.
You know, I'm getting kicked out of this room.
So I got to just keep it brief.
Follow me on headgum.com slash about.
Nice.
Uh, at Jeffway already on Twitter.
And we'll see you guys again next week.
Thanks so much for reading the show.
Thank you for having me.
Um.
Ultimately.
I can take away.
Is.
I have to leave, Matt.
Yeah.
This whole thing was does.
That was a hit them original.